Recipe 1

**Recipe Name: 

Pancakes

**Ingredients:

flower: 600,
eggs: 4,
milk: 700ml,
sunflowerOil: 3tspn,
     
**Method: 
        
1.Put 100g plain flour, 2 large eggs, 300ml milk, 1 tbsp sunflower or vegetable oil and a pinch of salt into a bowl or large jug, then whisk to a smooth batter.
2.Set aside for 30 mins to rest if you have time, or start cooking straight away.
3.Set a medium frying pan or crêpe pan over a medium heat and carefully wipe it with some oiled kitchen paper.    
4.When hot, cook your pancakes for 1 min on each side until golden, keeping them warm in a low oven as you go.        
5.Serve with lemon wedges and caster sugar, or your favourite filling. Once cold, you can layer the pancakes between baking parchment, then wrap in cling film and freeze for up to 2 months.
        
Recipe 2

**Recipe Name: 

Creamy lasagne

**Ingredients:
      
       
lasagne sheets: 9,
sunflowerOil: 1tspn
onion: 1,
courgette: 700g
garlic: 2 claves
cheddar: 50g
tomatoSauce: 350g
ricotta: 250g

**Method: 
          
1.Heat oven to 220C/fan 200C/gas 7. Put a pan of water on to boil, then cook the lasagne sheets for about 5 mins until softened, but not cooked through. Rinse in cold water, then drizzle with a little oil to stop them sticking together.  
2.Meanwhile, heat the oil in a large frying pan, then fry the onion. After 3 mins, add the courgettes and garlic and continue to fry until the courgette has softened and turned bright green. Stir in 2/3 of both the ricotta and the cheddar, then season to taste. Heat the tomato sauce in the microwave for 2 mins on High until hot.
3.In a large baking dish, layer up the lasagne, starting with half the courgette mix, then pasta, then tomato sauce. Repeat, top with blobs of the remaining ricotta, then scatter with the rest of the cheddar. Bake on the top shelf for about 10 mins until the pasta is tender and the cheese is golden.
    

Recipe 3

**Recipe Name: 

One Pot Spicy Sausage Pasta 

**Ingredients:

pasta: 12 ounce box pasta of choice 
olive oil: 1 teaspoon 
hot Italian sausage: 12 ounce package hot Italian sausage, sliced into ½” circles onion: 1 medium onion diced very small 
garlic: 6 garlic cloves minced 
red pepper flakes: ¼ teaspoon 
cherry tomatoes: 8 ounces halved 
tomato pasta: 2 tablespoons 
wine: ½ cup dry white wine
salt: ½ teaspoon Diamond Crystals Kosher salt 
black pepper: ¼ teaspoon 
dried basil: 2 teaspoons 
parsley: 3 tablespoons freshly chopped 
honey: 1 teaspoon 
coconut milk: ¼ cup canned coconut milk stirred then measured 
butter: 2 tablespoons unsalted vegan butter  

** Method: 

1.Chop all your ingredients as directed in the ingredient list before starting the recipe. Take out all other necessary ingredients from the pantry for easy access during the cooking process.
2.Cook pasta in a large pot of generously salted boiling water according to package directions until al-dente, generally about 7-9 minutes. Reserve ½ cup of the starchy pasta water for later incase needed to thicken the sauce. Drain the pasta and set aside.
3.To the now-empty pasta pot, add the oil and sausage and cook over medium-high heat for 10-15 minutes until crispy, mixing occasionally. Remove sausage from the pot using a slotted spoon, transfer to a bowl and set aside for later. Pour off all but 2 tablespoons of oil left in the pot (if applicable).
4.Add the onion to the pot of remaining oil. Saute over medium-low heat for 3 minutes until softened and slightly golden. Mix in the tomatoes and cook for 5-8 minutes until they begin to soften, pressing down with your spoon to smash them a bit.
5.Mix in the garlic and red pepper flakes and cook for 1 minute until fragrant.
6.Add the tomato paste and mix until it is dispersed about 2 minutes.
7.Add the white wine and cook over medium heat for 3 minutes.
8.Mix in the salt, pepper, basil, honey and coconut milk, cooking for 30-60 seconds. The sauce should be thick.
9.Add the cooked pasta and sausage into the pot and mix until combined. Mix in the butter. Turn off the heat once the butter is melted in. If for any reason the pasta seems dry, add ¼ cup at a time of the reserved pasta water and mix through over medium heat for 1-2 minutes. Lastly, sprinkle with parsley and mix together. 


Recipe 4

**Recipe Name: 

Classic Risotto

**Ingredients:

store-bought or homemade low-sodium chicken broth: 4 cups 
unsalted butter, divided: 5 Tbsp. 
onion: 1 medium white onion, finely chopped (about 1 1/2 c.)
salt: 2 1/2 tsp. kosher salt, divided
arborio or carnaroli rice: 1 1/2 cups 
wine: 1 cup dry white wine
parmesan: 3 oz., finely grated (about 1 1/2 c.) 
black pepper: 3/4 tsp.

**Method

1.In a medium pot over medium-high heat, heat broth until steaming. Reduce heat to low, cover, and keep warm.
2.Meanwhile, in a large skillet over medium heat, melt 4 tablespoons butter. Add onion and 1/2 teaspoon salt and cook, stirring occasionally, until softened, translucent, and sweet to the taste, 8 to 10 minutes. Add rice and cook, stirring occasionally, until translucent around the edges, 1 to 2 minutes more.
3.Add wine and cook, stirring, until liquid is absorbed, 3 to 4 minutes. Add 3 cups warm broth, stir to incorporate, and bring to a simmer over medium-high heat. Reduce heat to medium-low, cover, and simmer until rice is just tender, 10 to 15 minutes.
4.Uncover and add 1/2 cup warm broth. Return to a simmer over medium heat and continue to cook, stirring, until broth is absorbed, 1 to 2 minutes more. Taste and, if rice is still slightly al dente, add remaining 1/2 cup broth and continue to simmer, stirring, until absorbed and rice is tender.
5.Remove from heat. Stir in Parmesan, pepper, and remaining 1 tablespoon butter until cheese and butter are melted; season with remaining 2 teaspoons salt, if needed. Serve immediately.

Recipe 5

**Recipe Name: 

Caesar Salad

**Ingredients:

french baguette: 1/2, cut in half and thinly sliced (1/4" thick)
extra virgin olive oil: 3 Tbsp
garlic: 1 tsp minced garlic, 2 small garlic cloves
parmesan: 2 Tbsp grated
garlic: 2 small garlic cloves, minced (1 tsp)
dijon mustard: 2 tsp 
Worcestershire sauce: 1 tsp 
fresh lemon juice: 2 tsp 
red wine vinegar: 1 1/2 tsp 
extra virgin olive oil: 1/3 cup 
sea salt: 1/2 tsp or to taste
black pepper: 1/8 tsp plus more to serve
romaine lettuce: 1 large (or 2 small heads romaine)
parmesan cheese: 1/3 cup shredded or shaved

**Method

1.Preheat oven to 350˚F. Cut the baguette in half lengthwise through the top of the baguette then slice diagonally into 1/4" thick pieces. Place the breads onto a baking sheet.
2.In a small bowl, combine 3 Tbsp extra virgin olive oil and 1 tsp of finely minced garlic. Drizzle the garlic oil over the croutons and sprinkle the top with 2 Tbsp grated parmesan cheese.
3.Toss until evenly coated. Spread in a single layer over the baking sheet and bake at 350˚F until light golden and crisp (10-12 minutes), or to desired crispness.
4.In a small bowl, whisk together garlic, dijon, Worcestershire, lemon juice and red wine vinegar.
5.Slowly drizzle in extra virgin olive oil while whisking constantly.
6.Whisk in 1/2 tsp salt and 1/8 tsp black pepper, or season to taste.
7.Rinse, dry and chop or tear the romaine into bite-sized pieces. Place in a large serving bowl and sprinkle generously with shredded parmesan cheese and cooled croutons. Drizzle with caesar dressing and toss gently until lettuce is evenly coated.


Recipe 6

** Recipe Name:

Mushroom soup

**Ingredients:

butter:90g
onion: 2 medium onions
garlic: 1 garlic clove (crushed)
mushrooms: 500g (finely chopped)
plain flour: 2 tbsp
chicken stock: 1l
bay leaf: 1
single cream: 4 tbsp
parsley: small handful flat-leaf parsley


**Method

1.Heat the butter in a large saucepan and cook the onions and garlic until soft but not browned, about 8-10 mins.
2.Add the mushrooms and cook over a high heat for another 3 mins until softened. Sprinkle over the flour and stir to combine. Pour in the chicken stock, bring the mixture to the boil, then add the bay leaf and simmer for another 10 mins.
3.Remove and discard the bay leaf, then remove the mushroom mixture from the heat and blitz using a hand blender until smooth. Gently reheat the soup and stir through the cream (or, you could freeze the soup at this stage – simply stir through the cream when heating). Scatter over the parsley, if you like, and serve.